Use proxy in crwdstrike (#34541)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/ReleaseNotes/1_13_9.md

#### Integrations

##### CrowdStrike Falcon

> - Added support for passing ***proxy*** arg in generic_http calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for passing the *proxy* argument in generic_http calls.
```
